Ranking Criteria updates (#2345)
ppy/osu-wiki: wiki/Ranking_Criteria/en.md

- **Acceptable songs with mature lyrics/themes must be marked with an 18+ in the beatmap's description.** This game is for all ages, and so a warning is needed for younger audiences. Some songs, however, are unacceptable for ranking regardless of an 18+ warning. See [song content rules](/wiki/Ranking_Criteria/Song_Content_Rules) for more details.
- **A beatmapset may only contain one song file used by all difficulties.** Multiple song files within a single beatmap set is unsupported and results in unexpected behaviour with preview times, metadata, etc.
- **A song's audio file must be of reasonable quality.** Try to find the highest quality source file available rather than ripping a file from a streaming video website. Songs should be normalized to their original release volumes.

> - **A beatmapset's audio file must be no higher than 192kbps.** Variable bit rate songs must average between that range.

Reviewer: "between that range" when there's only a top limit now so there is no range

-> Variable bit rate songs must average beneath this amount.

### Guidelines

> - **The audio file of a song should have average peak frequencies of 16kHz or higher.** Lower values usually result in noticeably low audio quality and it is recommended to use a better `.mp3` unless none can be found. Average peak frequency can be shown in [audio spectogram generators](http://spek.cc/), which typically display 128kbps and 192kbps songs with average peak frequencies of 16kHz and 18kHz respectively. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- **The audio file of a song should have average peak frequencies of 16kHz or higher.** Lower values usually result in noticeably low audio quality and it is recommended to use a better audio file unless none can be found. Average peak frequency can be shown in [audio spectrogram generators](http://spek.cc/), which typically display 128kbps and 192kbps songs with average peak frequencies of 16kHz and 18kHz respectively.
```
